Remember what you said
Hello, the user you dialed is temporarily unavailable.
Hahahahaha
I thought...
What great people have you met?
It turns out that it is to scare people with an empty number.
Li Xuan
What else do you have to say now?
I didn't expect smoking to be famous
It has been supported by money and power to this extent
The disease is not enough
You really only have one mouth that is drunk
I divorce you
It was the best choice I ever made in my life
Boy, you have to hit the muzzle, don't you?
Just saves me from looking for you
Come on in
You are the ones who are trapped in the camp
Boy, I am ordered by Dashuai Shen of Zheng Beijun
I'm here to take your life
You didn't expect
The Shen family also has the background of Zheng Beijun, right?
Tell you
The elder brother of the Shen family is the commander of Xianzhen Camp
If you break my limbs, you will be enemies of the four major families
Farewell is to be the enemy of Zheng Beijun
But look at my hands
It has been connected by the expert.
Hahahaha
Tell you what, you son of a bitch
Lying on the ground like a dog today?
Take good care of me
Then break your limbs
I'll leave you with a dog's life
Weak and unstained hum
I'll let you taste the taste of a thousand cuts
How dare you!
Dare to commit murder in front of this princess
Are you serious?
Do you not put the dignity of Wang I in your eyes?
Your Royal Highness, I'm afraid you've forgotten
Zhengbei Army God's handsome might
Even the king can only submit to it
Royal House
My Zhengbei Army really didn't take him seriously
Kid, you got three seconds
Kneel down and amputate your limbs
I'll give you three seconds.
Run for your life